WT Lab Exam 
1. CV website with video background using Bootstrap and jQuery. ✅
2. Website with toggle-able and dynamic tabs in nav bar showing subject details with Bootstrap and js.✅ 
3. Searching and sorting of integer elements in JS, Array for named entities using JS JQuery, Change properties of array using JQuery ✅ 
4. Design a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using using SPRINGBOOT/REACT.✅
5. Design a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using PHP ✅okay
6. Design a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using using NodeJS/REACT.working ✅
7. React and  springboot website for VIT Results App.✅
8. Semester results using PHP and MySQL.✅
9. Semester results using JS, MySQL or MONGO and Node.js ✅
10. Online bookstore using Springboot and MySQL(Home,Login,Catalogue,Registration).✅
11. Online bookstore with React and Node.(Home,Login,Catalogue,Registration) ✅
12. User Registration and Login Form in PHP using cookies. ✅
13. Attendance system with PHP and MySQL - A: Students should be able to register. B: The teacher should be able to mark attendance using checkboxes. ✅
14. Online shopping system where Farmers can sell their agricultural products using PHP and MySQL.✅
15. Design and develop a php script to limit the max number of concurrent sessions to three. ✅
16. Springboot application where employee records can be added, deleted and displayed in JSON format. Use Postman as a client. ✅
17. Springboot application to add (form), delete and display student records using JPA and MySQL.✅
18. CRUD for employee records using PHP ✅
19. Php application to CRUD for student records, use css for styling and JS. ✅
20. Copying contents from one list to another list in jQuery also demonstrate how to create new element in html page using JQuery. ✅
21. Php script to transform string to uppercase or UC->LC or first character UC -using string functions.✅
22. Web application for registering complaints from students using PHP and MySQL. (Login page, admin page, complaint page, login for admin) ✅
23. React app for registering complaints (above specs) ✅
24. Calculator using HTML. (Text field for accepting numbers, buttons for operations and text field for answer) ✅
25. Currency converter using React ✅
26. Currency converter using PHP ✅
27. Restaurant food order management using PHP, MySQL ✅
28. Chessboard using JS. Should resize on changing dimension ✅
29. Header, footer, div tags to be used to display a HTML page having contents in different positions.✅
